# Meeting SEProj
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 07.03.2022, 09:00-10:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** meeting_purpose  
**Note Taker:** Olivier Lischer  
**Attendees:**

* Petra Heeb

- Pascal Lehmann
- Oliver Lischer
- Benjamin Plattner
- Jan Untersander

## Agenda Items

- Review

  - Each person describes the personel progress in the last week.
  - Nothing to talk, waiting for feedback form Laurent

- Kubernetes Functionality/Structure

  - Explain to the whole team the architecture of our project including the kubernetes cluster with nodes and pods and the interfaces between these components. (source: product documentation -> architecture)
  - Jan & Petra explained everything to the rest of the group
  - Any questions remaining? Go to Jan / Petra

- Interface Kubernetes Cluster and GitLab-OST

  - I's like to explain you how the interface between our Kubernetes Cluster and our GitLab repo works (source: project documentation -> k8 cluster gitlab-ost connection)
  - Explanation in Documentation **Interface K8s Cluster and GitLab-OST**
  
- Threat Modeling and Risk Management

  - We show the team our threat model draw and discuss the threats and risks.
  - Thread / Risk updating all two weeks

- GitLab Feature Branch definieren (Wie, was, wo)
  - für jede änderung / issue ein branch
  - merge request sollten immer approved / reviewd werden (hot topics in comment)
  - wer approved soll mergen, 

- Wer eröffnet die Issues?
  - Jeder selbst, anhand der Action Items in den Meeting Nodes

- Sprints Duration
  - In our case we should use a sprint duration of 2 weeks
  - additional meeting?

- Domain Model / Requirements

- Outlook
  - What should we do next, which exercises have the highes priority,...



## Action Items
| Done? | Item                                     | Responsible    | Due Date |
|-------|------------------------------------------|----------------|----------|
|       | K8S Cluster communication GitLab         | Petra          | 14.03.22 |
|       | Local K8S Cluster testing                | Petra / Jan    | 14.03.22 |
|       | GitLab Handling Docu (Branch, Diff Job)  | Oli            | 14.03.22 |
|       | Create Backlog (Scrum)                   | Pascal / Petra | 14.03.22 |
|       | Check Checklist Review 2                 | All            | 14.03.22 |
|       | Domain Model                             | Benjamin       | 14.03.22 |
|       | Prepare Requirements (Epics, User Story) | Benjamin, Oli  | 14.03.22 |
|       | Who is responsible for risks?            |                | 14.03.22 |

## Other Notes & Information
