# Meeting SEProj
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Monday, 21.03.2022, 09:00-10:00
**Meeting Purpose:** Status update, sprint planning
**Note Taker:** Pascal Lehmann  
**Attendees:**
- Petra Heeb
- Pascal Lehmann
- Oliver Lischer
- Benjamin Plattner
- Jan Untersander

## Agenda Items

- Review
    - Skipped because we discussed it before the hand-in on friday.
- SonarQube
    - 3 Optionen
        - Move our repo to the INS Gitlab
        - Local Sonarcube installation
        - Install Sonarcube worker on our K8S Cluster
    - | Questions | Decisions |
      |-----------|-----------|
      | Which option do we choose? | Local installation |
- Threat Dragon
    - | Questions | Decisions |
      |-----------|-----------|
      | Do we want to update the Thread Model using Thread Dragon? | We'll leave it as is because it's not worth the effort. |
- Check out checklist for next hand-in

## Action Items
| Done? | Item                               | Responsible | Due Date |
|-------|------------------------------------|-------------|----------|
| [ ]   | Plan review meeting                | Pascal      | 22.03    |
| [ ]   | Basic website layout               | Oli         | 28.03    |
| [ ]   | Research architecture              | Jan         | 28.03    |
| [ ]   | Setup local Sonarcube installation | Petra       | 28.03    |

## Other Notes & Information
- Nope
