# Meeting SEProj
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 4.42022, 09:00-10:00  
**Note Taker:** note_taker  
**Attendees:**

- Petra Heeb
- Pascal Lehmann
- Oliver Lischer
- Benjamin Plattner
- Jan Untersander

## Agenda Items

- Refactor of Codebase

  - It would be helpful for better overview if all application specific files could be placed inside an app folder.
    Like the Project Oli, Benjamin and myself are working on for Dsy: https://gitlab.ost.ch/dsy-ct/wordle

  - | Questions                        | Decisions |
    | -------------------------------- | --------- |
    | When should we do this refactor? |           |

  - Other Notes

- Item 2

  - 

  - | Questions | Decisions |
      | --------- | --------- |
      |           |           |

  - 




## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | item | who | dd.mm.jj |

## Other Notes & Information
