# Meeting SEProj
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 24.02.2022, 12:00 - 13:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** Kickoff Meeting with advisor  
**Note Taker:** Petra  
**Attendees:**

* Petra Heeb

- Pascal Lehmann
- Oliver Lischer
- Benjamin Plattner
- Jan Untersander
- Laurent Metzger (Advisor)

## Agenda Items

- Current project status

  - The team members update the advisor about the actual status of the project, including the problems we had since the last meeting and the solutions to fix it.

- GitLab Repo

  - We defined to use the GitLab repo from the SEProj for our documentation and the application. This repo is available for all team members and also for our advisor.
- Hand in
  - To hand in our documentation and documentation part we need to inform Laurent Metzger some days befor the meeting when the actual state is up to date in the GitLab repo. So he will search the documentation for rating by himself. We need to finish the documentation as defined and inform Laurent Metzger over the Teams channel about the state. -> No e-mail
- Kubernetes Cluster
  - Laurent Metzger inform Yannik Zwicker to setup a location in the INS for our Kubernetes cluster. So Yannik will inform us when he finished the setup and send us the VPN access.
- Further meetings
  - Our further meetings are weekly on thuesdays 12:00 - 13:00Uhr in the meeting room 8.125 (Laurent Metzer reserved this room for the whole SEProj time)




## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | item | who | dd.mm.jj |

## Other Notes & Information

Laurent Metzger gave us some inputs  which we should take a look at or which we could implement.

- Prometheus
- Kavana (? -> not sure about the name): We should not do exactly the same as already exist but we can show maybe all important informations for one cluster on the same page and as easy to read as possible.
