# Meeting SEProj
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 14.03.2022, 12:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** Recurring Meeting with Advisor  
**Note Taker:** Jan 
**Attendees:**

- Petra Heeb
- Pascal Lehmann
- Oliver Lischer
- Benjamin Plattner
- Jan Untersander
- Laurent Metzger (Advisor)

## Agenda Items

- Current project status

  - The team members update the advisor about the actual status of the project, including the problems we had since the last meeting and the solutions to fix it.

  - | Questions | Decisions |
    | --------- | --------- |
    |           |           |

  - Other Notes

- Additional Artefacts

  - Context diagram

  - UI sketches
  
  - Personas

  - Other
  
  - | Questions                      | Decisions |
      | ------------------------------ | --------- |
      | What is expected from Advisor? |           |
  
  - Other Notes
  
- Item 3

  - Description

  - | Questions | Decisions |
    | --------- | --------- |
    |           |           |

  - Other Notes




## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | item | who | dd.mm.jj |

### Other Notes & Information

- Contextdiagram auslassen, bzw. referenzieren
- Personas auslassen
- SonaQube: Petra spricht mit Yannik wie das gehen soll
- Data visualize: Requirements etc. bischen auseinander nehmen
- Notification: Send message to AWS (SNS - Simple Notification Service): [Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) | Messaging Service | AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/sns/)
  - Email und SMS Notifications wären darüber simpel abzuwickeln
  - Learner Lab kann für AWS credits beantragt werden
- Functional Requirements: Requirements must be numbered (FR 3.1)
  - 3 Notification
    - 3.1 Notification on UI
- Epics, User Stories und Requirements nummerieren
- Klarer markieren, was MVP und was Optional ist
  - User Management **nicht** in MVP
  - Non-static thresholds wären toll für MVP
  - Static board um Cluster zu visualisieren wäre ebenfalls toll, aber nicht im MVP

